# Minutes of Meeting

- **Tasks** - has an owner and a deadline
- **Decisions** (D) 
- **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

### Date : 23-02-2020

### Time : 9:00-9:30

### Topic: Discussion about what to show in R1

### Attendees:

- Vishal Garg(client)
- Simran Singhal(mentor)
- Akash Verma
- Vishal Verma
- Archit Goyal
- Priyanshu Madaan

| Type | Description                                                  | Owner  |  Deadline  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | :----: | :--------: |
| D    | Deploy circuits in H-105 and outside H-105.|   -    | Release 1 |
| T    | Requirement gathering and documentation                      | Client | Release 1 |
|      | 1. Start pushing data on server.<br/><br/>2. Prepare backend which accepts data from all on-field sensors and B1 Hub.<br/><br/>3. Train AC and projector remote signals to B1 Hub.<br/><br/>3. Connect RELAYS and do grouping of lights and light according to data on server.<br/><br/>2. Make CO2 measuring sensor circuit.<br/> |   -    |     -      |
| I    | 1. He asked us about R1 dates and other deadlines in project.<br/> |   -    |     -      |
|      |                                                              |        |            |















