# Minutes of Meeting

- **Tasks** - has an owner and a deadline
- **Decisions** (D) 
- **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

### Date : 23-03-2020

### Time : 12:00-12:15

### Topic: Discussion about front-end layout

### Attendees:

- Vishal Garg(client)
- Akash Verma
- Vishal Verma
- Archit Goyal

| Type | Description                                                  | Owner  |  Deadline  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | :----: | :--------: |
| D    | 1. Design a front-end layout which have required buttons.<br/><br/> 2. Work on backend to create API's for sensors.|   -    | 27-03-2020 |
| T    | Design a good looking front-end layout with a good theme.     | Client | 27-03-2020 |
|      | 1. Design layout and get it approved by next meeting.|   -    |     -      |
| I    | 1. Client asked us about possible themes for app. <br/> |   -    |     -      |
|      |                                                              |        |            |





