# Minutes of Meeting

- **Tasks** - has an owner and a deadline
- **Decisions** (D) 
- **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

### Date : 20-04-2020

### Time : 12:00-12:30

### Topic: Approval of work done till now and what things can be changed for making project more towards completion.

### Attendees:

- Vishal Garg(client)
- Akash Verma
- Vishal Verma
- Archit Goyal
- Priyanshu Madaan

| Type | Description                                                  | Owner  |  Deadline  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | :----: | :--------: |
| D    | 1. Client checked the working front-end and asked us to connect as much possible with backend. |   -    | 22-04-2020 |
| T    | 1. Integrate front-end with backend as much possible. <br/><br/> 2. Write a detailed explanation of each part of app so that next working person can work on it further. | Client | 22-04-2020 |
| I    | Client asked how to deploy app and we said we can write a documentation explaining each thing so that next team can work on it. <br/> |   -    |     -      |
|      |                                                              |        |            |





