# Minutes of Meeting

- **Tasks** - has an owner and a deadline
- **Decisions** (D) 
- **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

### Date : 10-04-2020

### Time : 12:00-12:30

### Topic: Discussion about Front-end layout and future of project.

### Attendees:

- Vishal Garg(client)
- Akash Verma
- Vishal Verma
- Archit Goyal
- Priyanshu Madaan

| Type | Description                                                  | Owner  |  Deadline  |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | :----: | :--------: |
| D    | 1. Client approved our proposed layout of app this time. <br/><br/> 2. Client told us to develop the app with suggested layout.|   -    | 18-04-2020 |
| T    | Update the previous front-end with this new layout.    | Client | 18-04-2020 |
|      | 1. Update front-end and back-end for this new layout. <br/><br/> 2. Check some statndard values of environmental parameters to hard code in backend.|   -    |     -      |
| I    | 1. Client asked How to get fake data for making app automated. <br/> |   -    |     -      |
|      |                                                              |        |            |





